[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure"
we're with Sergeant
Clifford Stone, who
has amazing personal experiences
with extraterrestrials
in the military.
Sergeant Stone,
welcome to the show.
>>CLIFFORD STONE: Thank you.
I'm glad to be here.
>>EMERY: Sarge, many
people out there
are claiming ETs are amongst us.
Are they?
>>STONE: I actually
know that to be
true through
personal experiences.
Korona, I remember his
name, because he's going
to be with me throughout life.
And sometimes he
creates problems for me.
>>EMERY: Well, what's your
involvement with that?
>>STONE: He's learning from me.
And there's thousands
of people out there
that have a
companion, I'll put it
that way, that's going to
follow them throughout life.
And once again,
they're among us.
He's not going to go into
a social event with me.
I know of at least two other
people who've seen him.
In one instance, it saved
that individual's life.
But you know, they're not--
that's not the purpose.
They're learning from
your experiences.
I can go ahead, look at
this document, page by page,
and even if I'm not reading
it, he can actually pick up
on everything that's there.
And he will fully remember.
And at the same time,
everything I see--
like when I'm going through
my documents, they see.
One instance was
that I had contact
with some people who, they
look very much like you and me,
very normal.
We talked.
And they had talked
about things.
And I was wondering,
gee, where did they
get all their knowledge about
certain things about space,
about our solar system, the
manipulation of space time?
And they finally told me that,
we're not from your planet.
But we are trying to learn
from interaction with people
like you, and even others.
But you know something
strange about us.
Well, yeah, I knew when
we turned the lights off
and they could go ahead
and touch something
and they could tell you
the color of that object,
then they'd go into
detail explaining
about the reflection
of light actually
determines the
color of something.
But the vibration of
the object or whatever
also will reflect the color
when there is no light
to reflect the color.
And I mean, I'm doing
it in layman's terms,
struggling, trying
to explain that.
They did it in very
scientific terms.
So I had contact with these
people for almost two weeks.
>>EMERY: Sarge, where
was this situation?
>>STONE: This place was right
outside of Anniston, Alabama.
And I was sent there
to attend another TDY
for some additional training.
>>EMERY: Please explain what
a TDY is for the audience.
>>STONE: TDY is temporary duty.
Once again, it was at
Fort McClellan Alabama.
We were introduced.
So the whole situation
is, it wasn't by accident.
>>EMERY: How was
that experience?
>>STONE: It was weird.
Because I mean, I thought
you're pulling my leg,
you know, this can't be real.
But I mean, actually we
found out, and they said,
you know, well, you know,
we have certain talents.
And someday your species
will have these same talents,
that there is an
evolution that takes
place over a period
of time things happen.
Like right now, you
have the ability
to do certain things with
your psychic ability.
The reason you
don't use it now is
that you're so accustomed
to telling yourself
that you can't, that these
psychic abilities don't exist.
You cannot see things
into the future.
You cannot go ahead and
pick up on certain things.
But of course, it
can be something
that would be bothersome also.
Because when you
get to the point
where you can go ahead and
have an understanding of what
the other person's
thinking and, you know,
they might be thinking
very bad things about you,
and that may bother you and
that may lead to an argument
without fully understanding
how it actually occurred.
So yeah, they were pointing
out all this stuff.
>>EMERY: How was it
like communicating
with these beings?
>>STONE: Well, they'd go ahead
and show you by haphazard
to show you that they can
actually read your mind.
But they're so-- not to draw
attention from other people,
they would talk just like you
and I. The only difference
is whatever language
you were talking,
they were very much
at home with it.
If you wanted to speak Mandarin
Chinese, they could do that.
Now you know, with us we have
to go in and learn the language
and it's going to take us time.
And sometimes, we don't
even get to the point
where we can really
learn the language where
we can say it exactly.
Like I mean, a lot of people
say, OK, I speak English.
But we abuse it
so much, we're not
speaking English the
actually the way we should.
We no longer call it the
King or Queen's English.
We call it colloquial
English is how we speak.
Well, they could do either way.
So the situation is if
they were sitting there
and you were looking
at them, and them, they
were looking at you, and
if they were just speaking
and they could do it that
way, through thought transfer.
>>EMERY: Could
they use telepathy?
>>STONE: Oh, yeah.
>>EMERY: And psionics?
>>STONE: Right.
That's what they refer
to as thought transfer.
But if they do that, then people
say, why are those people just
looking at one another
and from time to time,
like this, are but not talking?
I mean, what's going on there?
So this way it didn't
draw suspicion.
And they had to fit in
wherever they were at.
The only time they
didn't fit in is
like I say when you
turn the lights off
and they could tell you the
colors of certain things.
And you turn the
lights off when it's
a very dark room, you can't
see your hand in front of you.
You're going to bump into
things and run into things.
They're not going to do that.
>>EMERY: Sarge, what
did you learn from them?
>>STONE: I wasn't
astute scientifically as
what these people were.
And they would try to
explain things to me,
and like you would try
to explain to a child.
Because if they talked
in heavy technical terms,
I couldn't understand.
So that's the way
they related to me.
But otherwise, we'd
talk about, you know,
where you from,
how's your family,
things normally people just
generically talk about.
>>EMERY: At what
point did you realize
they were extraterrestrial?
>>STONE: From day one, from
the time they came there.
And the reason I knew
that was that they asked--
they actually asked about
what went through my mind
when I helped that woman escape.
And I'm setting back, how
do they know about that?
>>EMERY: What do
you mean escape?
>>STONE: Well, there at
Fort Belvoir, Virginia,
we went ahead and we had
one ET that we recovered
from a craft or something.
It was all by itself.
They guarded it.
They tried to talk to it.
They couldn't talk to it.
>>EMERY: What kind
of extraterrestrial?
>>STONE: Once again, this
was one of the grays.
But it'd be what we
call type 3 gray.
Because it was a taller
one, about four foot tall.
>>EMERY: What's a type 1, 2?
>>STONE: Type 1
is roughly three,
three and a half foot
tall, a very dark gray.
Type 2, about the same
size, looking very similar
to the type 1, only
it's a lighter gray.
Their technological level
of knowledge, I don't know.
Is there a difference?
Yes, there is.
>>EMERY: Are they
sentient beings?
Are they conscious?
Or is it a program life form?
Is there cybernetic--
you know, is there
circuitry with organic tissue or
is it just like a human being?
>>STONE: No, these entities
are 100% biological entities.
I'm going to say, OK, they're
born of a mom and dad.
They were brought
up in a family.
They're just like us.
Now that being said, I need
to point out at this time
also that there are certain--
and we'd call it
artificial intelligence.
Only the artificial intelligence
that we're referring to that
sometimes appears and looks like
an intelligent life when it is.
I don't know how to really
put this in the term.
But the intelligence that are--
and this is old
technology for them--
because initially this
mechanical biological
intelligence, that was actually
initially sent here before man
was even here to seek out
other life in the universes,
and even in other dimensions.
They have a conscience.
They have a realization
of their existence.
that at some point
that existence is going to end,
that artificial intelligence
that is so lifelike that it has
all the emotions of a sentient
being.
>>EMERY: So tell me about
the escape, I mean exactly.
What happened there?
>>STONE: Well, when they
took me there, I went ahead
and they couldn't communicate.
But that was the
choice of the entity.
And I'm going to try to get
through this real quick,
because I get
emotional about it.
When I went there,
they told me, OK--
and this is, once again, the
guy always called the Colonel--
he says, we have one of
the beings back here,
and no one can get him to talk
or understand what's going on.
And that's why we need you here.
Fort Belvoir, Virginia has
an Air Force unit there
who is directly responsible
for all the activities dealing
with real UFO, real
interplanetary craft events.
And they report directly back
to the Air Force's Office
of Scientific
Intelligence, who reports
directly back to the
CIA's Office of Scientific
Intelligence.
>>EMERY: Are they holding
these extraterrestrials
there are against their will?
>>STONE: Now when
I went there, they
told me that this entity was
a guest of the United States
government.
Yet this entity was under heavy
guard and the situation, when
I went in and saw the
entity and-- remember
when they start to
talk to you, you're
feeling what they're feeling.
>>EMERY: Right.
It's an emotional language.
>>STONE: There's an
emotional bond-- yes.
It's right there.
So when I went
in, he went ahead.
He's looking down like this.
Then he raised his head and
looked up at me like that.
And right off the bat, I could
feel him saying, I am afraid.
Now of him saying, I
am afraid immediately,
I was getting visions in
my mind of his family,
of him fearing not
seeing his family again.
Also of the destruction
that was going
to happen when his people,
who were already on their way
there to get him,
and they would have
to go ahead and use the
technology that they
had that would totally
destroy that building
and probably would kill some of
us that was in that building.
And he didn't want
that to happen.
He would much rather
prefer that his death occur
as opposed to having us
people, who did not know what
we were doing, have us killed.
>>EMERY: Selfless.
Wow.
>>STONE: So I picked up
on it and I let him know,
we'll get you out of here.
And he made it
clear that he would
have to be outside the
perimeter fence line.
And that's the way he put
it, perimeter fence line.
So I asked to go back
out to smoke a cigar.
And while I was out there
I told one of my friends
if he would mind going
getting a pair of wire cutters
and slip it in back
of the back fence.
There was one gate that led
back to where the building was.
And you'd go through
that one gate.
There is no other gates.
The building itself had a front
entrance and a back entrance.
Anyhow, I went ahead and
told the person I always
called the Colonel,
he's got something
he wants to demonstrate to me.
And he doesn't want
no one else here.
It's for my eyes, my eyes only.
But then I can explain
it to you and maybe even
have some evidence about
what we were talking about.
And the Colonel reluctantly
agreed to move everyone out
of the building.
And when they
moved everyone out,
I went ahead, got our entity,
and I said, OK, let's go.
And we ran like crazy to
that back door, went out.
And I was cutting like
crazy the wire back there.
So I got it to where I could go
ahead, put my body between it
and push it up this way so
he could crawl under it.
So I cut myself.
And you know how it is with
this storm gauge wire that
goes around bases, I cut myself
because I couldn't hold it
without it hitting me.
But I could hear the people,
the guards yelling, halt,
or we're going to shoot,
halt, we're going to shoot.
And I could hear them locking
and loading their weapons.
When he got out, they went
ahead, and he looked up
and the craft came over.
And I mean, all this happened
in the twinkling of an eye.
And it was like a
bright, and it's
hard to explain that light.
It's like a very bright
ray of sunshine shining
in a dark hole in the ground.
And you're in there and
you're back in the dark
but you can see that
ray of sunshine.
>>EMERY: Was it gold light or--
>>STONE: Gold light.
Gold-- you got it.
I mean, I've never been
asked that question but you
got it right on the nose.
It was gold like light.
And he vanished and
the light went off.
And I mean, this only
took the twinkling
of an eye for that to happen.
And then the guards
came and grabbed me.
He wasn't trying
to be easy with me.
They pulled me out.
And the guy I always called
the Colonel was telling me
how wrong I was, how I could be
court martialed and all that,
and how I could have wound up
dying that night because they
could have shot me.
The use of deadly
force was authorized.
And I said, yeah,
but you know what?
I got here and
you told me he was
a guest of the US government.
Since when have we been putting
armed guards on our guests?
And he tried to
give me the spiel,
it was for their protection,
or for the entity's protection.
I said, if that entity
tried to break on his own,
you're telling me you
would not have shot him?
Then he thought about
it for a little while
and made a little sheepish
laugh and says, well,
next time tell me.
I may agree or I may
disagree but we're
going to be on the
same sheet of music.
Tell me the next time.
You're going to
have to trust me.
And I said, yes, sir.
But you know what?
You're going to have
to know that I care
about all humanity
and all living things,
and you're going to
have to trust me.
Because I'm not going to be a
part of a situation of thinking
that this entity is
a cartoon character.
So if you're going
to kill one of them,
it's going to be me first.
>>EMERY: That's very honorable.
>>STONE: That's a hard
story for me to tell.
Because what people
don't understand
when you tell any of these
stories, in your mind's eye
you're seeing it all over
and you're reliving it.
>>EMERY: You're reliving
it emotionally as well.
Why didn't the craft just come
in and beam the person out
of the jail cell?
>>STONE: Well, this
was a building.
This was a room he
was in, no windows,
that one door leading into it.
But if they went ahead, the
beam they were going to be using
would go ahead and have like
anti-matter meeting matter.
And it would have an interaction
with the building itself,
in that room, which
would ultimately
lead to a massive explosion
with the beam being
focused on the entity itself.
And that would be the only thing
that would survive that effort
to recover him.
>>EMERY: So he was looking
out for our protection
more than anything, and even
willing to take his life.
>>STONE: Well, I've seen
where they've actually
hit a building.
And the situation as you
go in, what was here?
There was something here.
But there's no-- like
we blow up something,
you got all kinds of debris.
All you have is about like
a fine powder, if that much.
>>EMERY: Was the
Colonel actually aware
of how dangerous it is to
keep an extraterrestrial
on lockdown?
Do they know, or do they
actually want it to happen.
They want the craft to come
back and get their person back?
>>STONE: They don't
want it to happen,
but there's a protocol
where we always
return the living entities and
we always return the bodies.
But there's a protocol.
But before that
protocol is met they
will always try to get
as much information
from a living
entity as possible.
>>EMERY: We always were told--
and of course, living entities
are worth a lot more money
than a dead entity.
And that's so true.
>>STONE: Oh, yes, I would agree.
>>EMERY: So this escaped
extraterrestrial obviously
got back to his family.
>>STONE: Correct.
>>EMERY: Are there
other families
visiting here from
other civilizations,
that you're aware of?
>>STONE: Yes.
The situation is when
I went to Germany--
and that was a time I was
there for eight years--
I had a SFC, Sergeant
First Class, E-7,
who was the NCOIC of SPOO.
SPOO stands for Security
Plans and Operations Office.
He went ahead and felt
that was necessary, says,
well, you know, you
had that experience
there at Fort McClellan
with this family that
was not of this planet.
You know, it's not uncommon
for this to happen.
In case it happens
again, you need
to know that they're not
the only family here.
Says, there was one instance--
and I need to tell you this
and I've been
directed to do so--
there was a family.
And I think it was
Brownsville, Texas, because it
was near the Gulf, where they
had a hurricane that came in.
And it was a very
damaging hurricane.
Now I'm being told this in 1978.
And it destroyed a whole
lot of property there.
Anyhow, one of the teenage
boys that was among the family
felt sorry for this one
girl because her family
lost everything.
And he says, you
know, we have ways
of dealing with these types
of storms on our planet
where they don't do any damage.
He said, on your
planet, he says,
yes, well, how'd you get here?
He says, well, you people
call them flying saucers.
And says, if it make you
a little bit more happier,
if it'd make your
life a little easier,
with you having to
go through all this,
would you like to see my
family's flying saucer?
>>EMERY: Oh my.
>>STONE: And she you went ahead.
You have it here.
It says, yes.
Says, tomorrow I'll bring
you over to my home.
And they're in the barn is the
flying saucer that we came here
in.
So she went ahead says, well,
yes, I'd like to see that.
But all through the
night other people
saw these military
Air Force blue vans,
Air Force blue tractor
trailers, cars going there
back and forth.
Well, the next day, he
didn't go get this girl.
She told her family.
The family told some of the
other people around there.
The sheriff there finally
found out about it.
Everything during the
course of the night,
the family, everything
they owned was taken out.
In the barn, there was evidence
that something very heavy
was in that barn
sitting on the ground,
but it wasn't there now.
And the big question was,
how did they get it out?
And how did-- because there is
no flat bed that anyone that
saw a flatbed with
a tarpaulin over it.
It was just like,
you know, trucks
you normally use
to move furniture
and things of this sort.
But everything was
moved out, the stuff
that was in the barn and
some of the other buildings
where the family had things.
They went ahead and
nothing was there.
I mean, I'll go so far to
say if somebody dropped
a nickel on the floor during
the time, it was even picked up.
And the place was left like
they'd left and cleaned it out
and cleaned the
floors and everything.
I'm going to use
the word sterile,
like it was ready for
somebody else to move in.
And no one knew where
the family went.
Now he told me where they went.
They went to California.
>>EMERY: They went
to California?
>>STONE: They went to Cal--
But they didn't give me the
destination where they went.
He says, but they took the
whole family to California.
And of course, the young
man was told, you know,
the people of this planet
are not going to understand.
And if one person finds out
that we're not of this world,
it's going to spook
them enough to where
they may talk to other people.
And that will ultimately
lead to other people coming
here and maybe even
killing the entire family,
because of that very
human factor that we
fear the unknown.
And with that fear,
the only way we
know how to deal with
it is try to destroy
that which we don't understand.
My takeaway on that, my
takeaway with the family that I
met there in
Alabama is that they
are as human as we are,
that they have emotions.
They care about their families.
They care about us.
They want to learn
more about us.
They go ahead and
I think they want
to take away the good that's
within the human race.
And they hope, in the
process of doing this,
they set an example
where we, the human race,
take away the good
that's in their race,
without even understanding that
we come from separate places.
>>EMERY: What do you
think their agenda is?
Because there's
a lot of talk out
there about this
negativity, that they're
coming here to kill us.
What was your take on it?
>>STONE: Used to be I'd go ahead
and just keep my mouth shut.
But I can't do that no more.
We were told from time to time
that not all contact would
be of a friendly nature,
that the situation is
that it's not a question
of being a friendly nature.
There are going to
be things that we
are going to do that we
don't understand that may
be a threat to ourselves.
But as far as our visitors,
they mean us no harm.
We are more of a threat to
them than they are of us.
And the situation
is is that people
need to look through
very human history
to understand if they had
hostile intent against us
and they wanted to
take us over, it
would be less than
a day that humanity
as we know it would
cease to exist.
We're talking
about a technology.
I mean, look at the Germans.
They took over Poland
in less than a month
because of their technology.
And I mean, you
know, the technology
that our visitors have,
using our own goals in NASA
to go ahead and come up with
new advanced propulsion systems.
They finally said in
about 2000 that we're not
going to do this no more,
which we did still continue.
But you know, the technology
is 1,400 light year--
1,400 years away
before we can even
dream of using some
of this technology.
Well, our visitors are one to
two billion years ahead of us
technologically.
In short, if they want to
destroy all of humanity--
once again, less than a day--
all of humanity could die.
They could be very selective.
Every other living thing
would still be alive,
but just us bacteria
on this planet.
Because every bad
thing that happens on
this planet is by us.
They could do away with us.
>>EMERY: With all
your experience
with extraterrestrials,
were there
any discoveries that you
made, or your bosses made,
that would connect us
through our lineage to them?
>>STONE: We need to
understand, there's
nothing new under the sun.
And they always refer
to someday we're
going to go ahead and join
the Galactic Brotherhood.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
I call it the
Galactic Parliament.
Some people call it the
Galactic Federation.
>>STONE: And the whole situation
is, we're all interconnected.
There is that
relationship between us
and the entities that
are within our universe
and other universes.
There is that relationship that
is between us and, dare I say,
multiverse, the other
existing dimensions
that may be indefinite.
So the whole situation is it's
not only that we are not alone
in the universe, we're related
to those entities that make up
that universe in those
other dimensions.
>>EMERY: So would
you say they're
really compassionate about us?
>>STONE: Oh, they're
very compassionate.
The whole situation
is, they know
we may one day destroy
ourselves, if we don't fully
understand that nuclear
radiation and things that we
are doing to go ahead, discover
for the betterment of mankind.
We go ahead and we use it
or the detriment of mankind.
And it's like a
kid being in a room
filled with gasoline fumes.
He's got a box of matches.
That kid needs to have an
understanding, that child needs
to have an understanding,
don't strike a match,
because if you do, you
and anybody else that's
in that room is going
to cease to exist,
because it's going to set
off the fumes in the air
and kill everyone in there.
>>EMERY: Well, I'm glad that
they're around watching over
us.
Because we do need the help.
Thank you, Sergeant
Clifford Stone.
>>STONE: Once again,
my great pleasure.
>>EMERY: My name is
Emery Smith and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]